# SnowparkExtenions

## Overview

The purpose of this project is to organize Mobilize's SnowparkExtenions to support migration from Spark to Snowpark better. This library should be imported in a Scala project in order to leverage some of its functionality. 

Scaladocs can easily be generated by executing `gradle scaladoc` on Unix or `.\gradlew scaladoc` on Windows from the command line. They will be located within the `build/docs` folder generated by gradle.

## Setting up the environment

- Install SDKMAN
curl -s "https://get.sdkman.io" | bash

- Install SBT
sdk install java $(sdk list java | grep -o "11.0.16-amzn" | head -1)
sdk install sbt

- Building the JAR
sbt clean compile package

## Repository Structure

The code has the following structure:

+ docs
  + com
  + lib
  index.html
  index.js
+ src
  + main
	+ scala
	  + com
		+ mobilize
		  + snowpark
		    + helpers
			  + BuiltinOverrides
			  + ColumnsSimplifier
			  + SnowflakeBuiltin
			+ implicits
			  + ColumnExtensions
			  + DataFrameExtensions
			  + SessionExternsions
			  
### Helpers

These are helpers classes to simplify certain operations for performance such as the `withColumns` function with the `ColumnsSimplifier` class. 

### Implicits

These are implicit class definitions which extend functionality to the already existing objects of:

* Column
* DataFrame
* Session

These add extra methods that are not available on Snowpark by default, which will help to simplify the migration process.

## Usage

To use this library import the desired classes:

```scala
import com.snowflake.snowpark_extensions.Extensions._
```

## Copyright

Copyright (C) Mobilize.Net info@mobilize.net - All Rights Reserved

This file is part of the Mobilize Frameworks, which is
proprietary and confidential.

NOTICE:  All information contained herein is, and remains
the property of Mobilize.Net Corporation.
The intellectual and technical concepts contained herein are
proprietary to Mobilize.Net Corporation and may be covered
by U.S. Patents, and are protected by trade secret or copyright law.
Dissemination of this information or reproduction of this material
is strictly forbidden unless prior written permission is obtained
from Mobilize.Net Corporation.